- Trapnest.
A motherly nest that
comes with a trap.
Once you're in there,
you can never get out.
Only a guy who's totally
possessive would come
up with a name like that.
(rock music begins)
(traffic moving)
- [Kinoshita] Mr. Honjo?
Um. Mr Honjo?
- Huh?
- Uh, sorry to wake you up,
but we're at your apartment
and I can't quite figure
out how you're supposed
to open the garage door.
- Oh, you gotta stick
the key in.
- Key?
- The card key.
You stick it in that box.
It's so annoying.
It's pretty late, isn't it?
So how are you planning
to get home, Kinoshita?
- I was gonna catch a cab.
- Why don't you just take
my car?
- What?! Are you serious?
- Just promise me you'll come
back to pick me up tomorrow.
- No problem.
Hey, if you want,
I can pick you up and
drop you off every day.
You're so tired from your
busy schedule,
it'd be dangerous for
you to drive.
Just imagine if you got
into an accident
and completely totaled
this amazing car.
- You're more worried
about the car than me?
- But this is a
1965 Mustang Shelby!
- I don't care what I drive.
As long as it runs,
it's fine with me.
But Takumi insisted
I drive this thing.
Something to do with my image.
- You know, Mr. Honjo,
it's kinda weird.
You've got lots of
money and talent
but you're not greedy at all.
Even your songs,
you write them just like
Mr. Ichinose tells you to
but you sound so much better
when you play punk rock.
- As long as I get
to play guitar,
everything's cool with me.
- Well, I for one wanna
hear Ren Honjo's soul shout!
- You wanna hear my soul shout?
(Ren laughs)
- Yeah well, you should know
you're not the only one who does
whatever Mr. Ichinose
tells you to do.
You didn't hear this from me
but everyone's calling us
Takumi's Trapnest soldiers.
- And who is everyone?
- Ah, I mean, Mr. Ichinose is
uber-talented at what he does
and he clearly has
leadership skills.
He might talk big, but
at least he backs it up.
I totally respect the man.
- Then tell that to everyone.
If you don't like how
Takumi runs things then go.
We have no use for soldiers
who aren't on our side.
(low rock guitar)
- I can't come up with anything.
I have to write another dumb
love ballad.
- Don't even think of
looking at me for help.
- Ugh. Why do I always have
to write stupid love songs?
Why are they with cells?
Why are Japanese people
so into mushy love stuff?
I wanna write about
world peace or something.
Not that I know much about it,
but still.
What am I gonna do?
We start recording tomorrow.
- Technically, you begin today.
- Huh?
Shin, why are you being
so mean to me today?
- Am I? Maybe it's because
I'm tired of being a good boy.
- A good boy?
When are you good?
- This whole month I haven't
skipped a single practice.
I didn't smoke in the
non-smoking studio
and I changed up my sound
just like our A and R
guy told us to.
It's getting really boring.
- What?
Gaia doesn't let you smoke
in their recording studios?
But all the studios we've
been in let us smoke.
Then why would musicians
even wanna record there?
- It's a teaching studio.
There's a music school
attached to it
that uses the studios
for their students.
- Wow. They have their
own school?
That's just so Gaia, isn't it?
So, if you get good grades
will they let you be on
their label?
- I don't know.
Honestly, I couldn't care less.
So what if we release an album,
a single or whatever?
All I ever wanted to do was play
in a band and have some fun.
- Huh.
Yeah, you're right!
Music is something that
should be enjoyed.
Let's go out and dance
like crazy all night long
until we forget all
our problems.
Come on!
- What are you talking about?
Reira, this is your job.
People pay you for this so
you've gotta take it seriously.
- Aw.
- Come on, now. You just
need to concentrate.
You can release all your
frustrations by writing
down whatever's on your mind.
- Fine then.
Maybe I'll write about
squashing all those mosquitoes.
- As long as it makes
a good love ballad.
- Hmph.
Mmm.
(quiet piano music)
(Reira singing)
- Hey, are you hungry?
Do you mind if I order
up some room service?
(Reira singing)
- Reira was in love with Takumi.
(Reira crying)
- What a beautiful song.
Ren is such a genius.
It'll be ruined by whatever
stupid lyrics I add to it.
I just know it.
- That's impossible.
Any love story written
by someone who cries
with as much emotion as you
do could never be shallow.
Don't you realize that so
many girls love Trapnest
'cause they connect with
your lyrics
and the way you
sing them?
- You think so?
You're such a flatterer
- Of course I am. This is my
job.
People pay me for this.
I'm dead serious.
- [Yasu] Don't you
have a lady friend
to hang out with instead?
- [Naoki] I can't. It
would cause a scandal.
- You're being way too
self-conscious about this.
Even Ren and Takumi do whatever
they want
and it hasn't been a problem.
- But there's been a
problem. A real problem.
There's papa-rakkyo
hanging around everywhere
and your singer's in
and out of Ren's place
like she's living there.
You need to talk to that woman.
- What do you mean papa-rakkyo?
- Paparazzi.
- Oh, really?
- Yep. They've been
targeting all of us
but I'm the only one being
careful enough not to be seen.
The agency has Reira hiding
out in a hotel somewhere
and I have a feeling Takumi
went over to Hachiko's.
He was acting really weird
all day, then rushed home.
- Huh? Hachiko?
- Her real name's Nana, right?
I've never actually met her
before
but from what I hear,
she's a big schemer.
She sounds like she's
really something.
One day she wants to see you,
the next day she blocks
your calls.
She knows how to play
the game.
She's a good cook and
she's great in bed.
I mean even Takumi
can't resist that combo.
- Naoki, I think you might
be over embellishing
things a bit?
Besides, I thought
those two had broken up.
- No, I doubt that'll happen.
There's no way Takumi's
gonna let this girl go
without putting up a big fight.
He's an idiot for it though.
Being played like that.
- I told you to come to me
after you'd worked things
out with Takumi.
- But, I did. That's why I came.
- [Takumi] Why aren't you
saying anything?
Say something!
Are you gonna step up or
just walk away from this?
The baby's growing inside
of her as we speak.
- What's going on?
Hello? Hachiko? It's me Nana.
- Oh, Nana, you're there too.
- Takumi?.
- [Takumi] Perfect timing.
I wanted to talk to you too.
Can you and Nobu come over here?
We shouldn't do this
over the phone.
- Come over where?
And why are you calling
from Hachiko's cell phone?
- I'm just borrowing
it for a bit.
I'm over at your place
right now.
- What are you doing
at our place?
And stay the hell
away from Hachi.
Don't you know she's
with Nobu now?
- I know that, but he didn't
stay away from my girlfriend.
- Where's Hachi?
- [Takumi] She's here.
- [Nana] Put her on the phone.
I'm not talking to you.
- Nana, Nana wants
to talk to you.
I don't think she can
talk to you right now.
- [Nana] What did you do to her?
- You've got it all wrong.
I didn't do anything.
- Whatever.
We'll be there right away.
We're not very far.
- [Takumi] Really?
Then could you pick up
some grapefruit
and sparkling water on your way?
- What?!
- [Takumi] I think she needs it
right now.
Her morning sickness
is pretty bad.
Thanks.
- Morning sickness?
Morning sickness?
- I'll have a grapefruit juice.
Oh, it's just some stomach
thing.
I'm alright.
I can't really explain it,
it's like maternal instinct.
- Nobu.
Listen, when you did it with
Hachi did you use condoms?
Answer me!
- Of course I did.
- Every time?
- Yeah.
- Before you went inside her?
- Yeah!
- You're a liar.
You did it at least once
without a condom.
- No, I never did.
- Oh, why are you so damn
serious all the time?
Argh!
(Nana panting)
- What do you mean by serious?
What's wrong with being serious?
I don't have the money
to raise a kid
so of course I wear condoms.
- It's Takumi's baby.
- What are you crying for?
I should be the one crying.
- You have to tell her
that it isn't your kid.
Then I'm sure she
won't wanna have it.
- If I tell her that, it'll
sound like I'm irresponsible.
I had sex with her too
so there is a chance
that it is my baby.
Besides, I think Hachi probably
already knows that it's
Takumi's.
That's why she told him first.
Otherwise I can't see
why she'd wanna see him.
I mean, there is
no other reason.
- He didn't stay away
from my girlfriend.
- You can still become
the baby's father.
- What are you talking about?
You say it like it
would be so easy.
- I know we can get the money.
We're gonna be on a big label
soon.
And I can't imagine Takumi
would take responsibility
for an accident.
- He said he would.
- Huh?
- Even if it turns out to be
my child.
- He's just saying that so
he can take Hachi away from us.
Don't you realize that
he's just using the baby
to make her his?
- You're doing the exact
same thing.
You're just manipulating
me to get Hachi aren't you?
God, give me a break.
What's wrong with you anyway?
If you want this so much, why
don't you become the father?
But I doubt you could
ever love a child
that belongs to Takumi.
(heart beating)
- [Nana] There's no way I could.
No.
Don't have that baby.
- Those two sure are taking
their time.
Please try not to get too upset.
Why don't you go lie down?
You don't want to have
a miscarriage.
You know, you seem a
little heavier.
I thought women usually
lost weight
because of morning sickness.
My older sister had really
bad morning sickness too.
I was in 11th grade
and she was 20.
She got married because
of the baby.
Her husband's not like me.
He's a hard working class guy,
very reliable,
but I got so pissed when I found
out,
well, I beat him up pretty bad.
My sister cried and
Reira laughed
at me for being so possessive.
It was pretty bad.
Hey, you're also 20
but you already know you're
a confused 20 year old,
don't you Nana?
You don't have a steady job,
you sleep with guys
whenever you get lonely
and now you're pregnant.
You are a mess.
Your parents are gonna cry.
But I shouldn't be the one
lecturing you.
Regardless of who
the father might be,
you are definitely the
mother of this child.
So be strong.
(soft piano music)
(doorbell rings)
(Nana gasps)
Finally, they're here.
(Nana crying)
Well, it's about time.
I thought you ran away.
You're alone?
What happened to Nana?
- Hell if I know.
- Oh man, I really hope she
didn't run off to Ren's again.
Oh, did you get the
grapefruit I asked for?
- Huh?
- You're not very
useful, are you?
Fine. I'll go get some myself.
There's nothing for us to
really talk about, anyway.
Nana will decide what to do.
This child isn't gonna
need two fathers.
(door slams)
- Nana? Is it true
that you're pregnant?
Hey, I just want to hear
it from you.
It could be my child.
You don't have to hide from me.
And I already knew that you'd
just broken up with Takumi.
- I'm sorry.
- I don't get it.
Why are you apologizing?
You did break up with him,
didn't you?
Please just make up an excuse.
Do it for my sake.
Even if it's a lie,
I don't care.
I'll believe anything.
- I'm so sorry.
(violin music begins)
- [Shinichi] Don't ever let
go of this hand you hold,
even though there's no ring
or red string tying a vow
to this trembling finger.
- Don't read it out loud,
it's so embarrassing.
Even I think it's bad.
I really need to hire
myself a ghost writer.
(Shinichi laughs)
- Hey, what do you mean
by "a string tying a vow"?
- What? You don't get it?
- No?
- It's the invisible thread that
binds you
to your fated lover
and it's tied around your little
finger.
- Whoa, I bet that's the sort of
stuff
girls really fall for.
- But, I don't really believe
that fate controls who
and how we love.
I like to think that
people are bound by trust.
It doesn't matter what kind
of relationship they're in.
- Oh, and that's the
hand you hold?
- Maybe it's just because I
haven't found a boyfriend.
- It's a really good song.
- Thanks, Shin.
You really made me feel better
and I've gotta be in top form
if I wanna go platinum again.
- [Nana] Hey, Hachi,
I wanted to keep you beside me.
Even if that meant putting
a collar around your neck.
I was afraid of myself,
you know,
and that's why I always kept
a little distance between us.
Even now I don't make
friends very easily
'cause I'm still afraid.